Have you ever tried working on a project only to find thoughts from all the other areas of your life intruding in your mind, making it difficult to concentrate on the task at hand? 

This kind of distracted state can be debilitating. It might be a sign that you have ADD and could benefit from any of a number of treatment options or coping strategies. It might be a sign of other problems as well. But there’s a very good chance that you’ve simply acquired too many open loops in your mind, and you can get long-lasting relief within the hour. 

I teach a five-step method for getting a clear mind. It’s a simplified version of David Allen’s inbox-sorting procedure, and it very often works wonders when done correctly and to completion: 

The Clear Mind Procedure 

1 
Write down everything that’s on your mind on one piece of paper (use more than one piece if you need). 

写下所有在脑袋中的东西。 
2 

Create three columns on a second piece of paper, and label them: To Be Done; Maybe Later; and Delete. Sort all the items on the first piece of paper into the three columns on the second piece of paper. 

在第二张纸创建三列，并贴上标签：做;也许以后;和删除。排序所有在第一张纸到三列上的第二张纸的项目。 
3 
Take each item from the Delete column, send it off into space, and tell it never to return (with a corny little ceremony if that helps). 
取每个项目到删除栏，把它送上太空，并告诉它再也没有回来（用老土的小仪式是否有帮助）。 
4 
Take the items from the Maybe Later column and put them on a Maybe Later list. (If you don’t keep one, start one). 
采取项目从也许后来列，把它们放在一个也许后来的列表。 （如果你不坚持，一开始的）。 

5 
Take the items from the To Be Done column and put them into your planning system. (If you don’t have a planning system, get one). 

从列中要做的项目，把它们放进你的规划系统。（如果你没有一个规划系统，去得到一个）。 

This process often works wonders for people. However, as simple as it is, it can still be easy to misunderstand some of the steps, and these misunderstandings can keep you from realizing all the benefits of the process. 

What Kinds of Things Do People Have on Their Minds? 

Whenever I clear my own mind I find that about one-third of the items are things I can delete, a third can go on my Maybe Later list, and a third are things I need to do something about soon. 

But some people, when following the process for the first time, have reported very different results. They report that almost every item they wrote down is in the To Be Done column. They have nothing, or next to nothing, in their Maybe Later and Delete columns. 

Why do some people find many items to delete and defer, while others find almost nothing? 

It could be that different people have different kinds of things on their minds. 

It could be that people in the latter group are too attached to their various aspirations and perceived obligations, and need to learn how to let some of these things go (or at least demote some to the Maybe Later list). 

And it could be that people who don’t have anything to defer or delete aren’t actually writing down everything that’s on their minds. 

“Everything” means Everything 

I’ve been walking others through this process recently, and I’ve noticed that, for the most part, people just aren’t writing down everything that’s on their minds—they’re just writing down their unfinished tasks. 

But unfinished tasks are not the only things that clutter our minds. 

So let me prompt you, reader, with the following clarification. When you write down everything that’s on your mind, write down everything that’s on your mind, including: 

unfinished tasks 
trips you want to take 
people with whom you should touch base 
skills you want to develop 
subjects you want to learn 
areas of your life in which you feel inadequate (such as your physical appearance, your knowledge, or your skills) 
regrets about past choices 
daydreams about what you would do differently if you could re-wind the clock and start over again
ways you feel trapped in your life 
interpersonal conflict issues 
home repair issues 
home renovation ideas 
things you’re dissatisfied with and want to change 
goals other people want you to pursue 
worries about the economy 
worries about loved ones 
habits you want to establish or break (but have had little success with to this point) 
and pretty much anything else that has come to mind at some point over the last few days 
All that stuff competes for your attention. And if you want a clear mind, you must deal with all of it.

When prompted like this many people begin to realize for the first time how much clutter they’ve allowed to collect in their minds. And they begin to realize how much of that clutter is stuff they can’t do anything about, or at least don’t need to do anything about right now. It’s just taking up space, time, and attention. 

Give It a Try 

Go ahead. Give it a try. And don’t be surprised if you get dozens (or even hundreds) of things off your mind. 

If you take the time to work through this process, let me know how it goes in the comment section. I’d love to hear from you.
